---
title: Partners
permalink: /partners
description: ""
---
NLB and Nanyang Polytechnic (NYP) are partnering to co-develop the various learning focus areas - Digital, Career, Sustainability, Arts, Wellness, Science, Reading and Singapore. NYP will also introduce free taster programmes at public libraries, starting from November 2021. 

Check out the schedule below, and look out for more programmes to be introduced soon!
<br>
<br>

<!-- <p>
  <div class="responsive-iframe-container ratio-16by9">
    <iframe class="responsive-iframe" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/uOfQMXQ4lL8"></iframe>
  </div>
</p> -->

<div class="row is-multiline">
  <div class="col is-one-third">
    <div class="clickbox is-sky-indigo">
			<a href="#Digital">
        <span>Digital</span>
      </a>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col is-one-third">
    <div class="clickbox is-sky-indigo">
      <a href="#Careers">
        <span>Careers</span>
      </a>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col is-one-third">
  </div>
</div>


 
  <style type="text/css">


</style>

---
	
<table>
</table><table width="100%" cellspacing="15" cellpadding="15" border="0">

<u><h5 id="Digital">Digital</u></h5>
<br>

  <tbody><tr><td><strong><a href="https://www.eventbrite.sg/e/why-seo-is-vital-for-your-business-growth-future-of-work-registration-206950272837?aff=ebdssbonlinesearch">Why SEO is vital for your business growth | Future of Work</a></strong></td>
  <td>It is not surprising that the use of the internet has increased exponentially during this period. It is estimated Google processes approximately 63,000 search queries every second, translating to 5.6 billion searches per day and approximately 2 trillion global searches per year. The average person conducts between three and four searches each day. (Hubspot), search engine optimisation (SEO) is more important than ever for businesses, especially for our local SMEs.
In this webinar, you will learn how to discover the number of potential customers that are searching for your products and services on Google and is it worth the effort or money to get your website rank on the top 5 of Google Search?
<br><br>
This programme is suitable for Adults. <br>
</td>
  <td>15 Dec, 7pm - 8pm </td>
  <td>Zoom</td>
  

</tr>

<tr>
<td><strong><a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/c/future-of-work-ccbgxhmw--3bPFMPjm5WbA/">Livestreaming for Cash, Career or Company | Future of Work</a></strong></td>
<td>Amid the pandemic, more companies are turning to livestreaming to reach customers remotely and this opens up more revenue making opportunities for entrepreneurs, digital marketeers and influencers to explore. 
<br>•	Find out how you can livestream professionally
<br>•	Learn from a professional host who succeeded changing his career to livestreaming 
	<br><br>This programme is suitable for Adults.

</td>
<td>13 Jan, 7pm - 8pm</td>
<td>Zoom</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td><strong><a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/c/future-of-work-ccbgxhmw--3bPFMPjm5WbA/">Creating Powerful Digital Content That People Love | Future of Work</a></strong></td>
<td>Online content is a vital marketing tool in the digital age, whether it is for your business, customers or just sharing on your social media. 
<br><br>Creating powerful and interesting content that speaks and connects with your audience is even more important amidst the sea of content generated by millions of people and businesses daily. 
Learn how to create unique content through storytelling and incorporate subtle call to actions that are powerful enough to move your audience into action.
	<br><br>This programme is suitable for Adults.
</td>
<td>15 Jan, 2.30pm - 3.30pm</td>
<td>Zoom</td>
</tr>



<!-- End your code here -->
  

</tbody></table>
<hr>
<!-- table 2 code here -->

<table>
</table><table width="100%" cellspacing="15" cellpadding="15" border="0">

<u><h5 id="Careers">Careers</u></h5>

<tr>
<td><strong><a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/cckpl-teens-takeover-a-day-in-the-life-of-game-artist-portfolio-registration-176075315007?aff=ebcollection&amp;keep_tld=1CCKPL">Teens Takeover – A Day In The Life Of Game Artist | portfolio</a></strong></td>
<td>Get an intimate look into the daily lives of different professionals in this new series and get inspired to explore possible careers of your future. 
<br><br>
In this session, join Mr Aaron Lim, Lecturer from Nanyang Polytechnic’s School of Design &amp; Media, in an interactive live demonstration creating fantasy game concept arts as well as a sharing of his journey in the fantasy gaming industry.
<br><br>About the Speaker:
Aaron Lim started gaming since the 1980s, when he was 5 years old. He is a passionate artist who loves to design Fantasy Worlds. He pursued a career in the game industry in Japan (Koei Tecmo) and Taiwan (Soft-world) from 2003 to 2015 as a game artist. He has been making AAA Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games (AAA MMORPGs) for more than a decade and started his own VR game company in 2016. He later developed the Train to Busan VR experience with Vividthree. Currently, he is teaching Digital Game Art Diploma in Nanyang Polytechnic.
<br><br>This programme is suitable for Teens.
</td>
<td>18 Dec, 2pm - 3.30pm</td>
<td>Choa Chu Kang Public Library </td>
</tr>